# Predator Movie 1987 Free Download
 
 
***Predator*** is a 1987 American science fiction action film directed by John McTiernan and written by brothers Jim and John Thomas.[5] Arnold Schwarzenegger stars as Dutch Schaefer, the leader of an elite paramilitary rescue team on a mission to save hostages in guerrilla-held territory in a Central American rainforest, who encounter the deadly Predator (Kevin Peter Hall), a skilled, technologically advanced extraterrestrial who stalks and hunts them down. Carl Weathers, Elpidia Carrillo, Bill Duke, Richard Chaves, Jesse Ventura, Sonny Landham, and Shane Black are supporting co-stars.
 
*Predator* was written in 1984 with the working title of *Hunter*. Filming ran from March to June 1986 with creature effects devised by Stan Winston and a budget of around $15 million. 20th Century Fox released the film on June 12, 1987, in the United States, and it grossed $98 million worldwide. Initial reviews were mixed, but the film has since been considered a classic of the action and science fiction genres and one of the best films of the 1980s, and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.
 
**DOWNLOAD ===== [https://inlu-suppne.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Te6](https://inlu-suppne.blogspot.com/?d=2A0Te6)**


 
The only surviving guerrilla, Anna, is captured. Learning that more rebels are coming, the team chooses to trek to the extraction point. Unbeknownst to them, they are stalked by an entity employing a cloaking device and thermal imaging technology, but a spooked Billy glimpses it, creating a situation where Anna attempts an escape. Hawkins catches her, but the creature attacks and kills him while sparing Anna.
 
Dutch organizes a search party, but Blain is killed by the creature's plasma cannon. Enraged, Mac provokes everyone to blindly fire their weapons into the jungle, unknowingly wounding the creature. As it administers first aid to itself, the commandos regroup and realize they are being hunted; Dillon believes guerrillas are responsible, but Billy is adamant that their pursuer is not human. They make camp for the night and set traps, which are triggered by a wild boar. In the ensuing confusion, the creature steals Blain's body.
 
Dutch realizes that their new enemy uses the trees to travel and that it was responsible for killing the Green Berets. He frees Anna, who states that her people had seen similarly mutilated bodies before. The group constructs a net trap and captures the creature, but it frees itself and Poncho is injured. Mac and Dillon pursue it but are outmaneuvered and killed. As the survivors flee, the creature quickly catches up with them and kills Billy and Poncho. Realizing it does not attack unarmed individuals, Dutch tells Anna to get to the chopper. He attempts to distract the creature by fleeing, but is followed to a muddy riverbank and covered in mud. The creature fails to see him and leaves to collect trophies from the others. Dutch realizes the cool mud provided camouflage for his body heat.
 
After crafting makeshift traps and weapons, Dutch lures the creature into an ambush the following night. He lightly injures it and disables its cloaking device before the creature fires wildly into the forest. Trying to escape, Dutch accidentally falls into the river, where the water dissolves his muddy camouflage. As the creature corners Dutch, it removes its mask and plasma cannon to fight him hand-to-hand, having deemed him a worthy opponent. Overpowered, Dutch attempts to goad the creature into a booby trap. It spots the trap and goes around it, but Dutch triggers the trap's counterweight, crushing the creature. Mortally wounded, Dutch decides to mercy kill it but asks the creature first what it is, to which the creature surprisingly repeats the question back to him. The creature then activates a self-destruct device, imitating Billy's laugh as it counts down. Upon realizing what it has done, Dutch runs away and barely escapes the massive explosion.
 
The Jim and John Thomas script for *Predator* was originally titled *Hunter*.[7][8] The original concept, centered on a plot of "what it is to be hunted," concerned a band of alien hunters of various species seeking various targets; that concept was eventually streamlined to one extraterrestrial hunting the most dangerous species, humans, and the "most dangerous man," a combat soldier. Additionally, the setting was chosen as Central America for having constant special forces operations during that period.[9]
 
As the Thomas brothers were first-time screenwriters with little credibility in Hollywood, they struggled to attract attention for their proposed film and eventually resorted to slipping the script under the door of 20th Century Fox producer Michael Levy (who would go on to serve as executive producer on the film's sequel, *Predator 2*). Levy then brought the screenplay to producer Joel Silver who, based on his experience with *Commando*, decided to turn the science-fiction pulp story line into a big-budget film. Silver enlisted his former boss Lawrence Gordon as co-producer and John McTiernan was hired as director for his first studio film. At one point, New Zealand director Geoff Murphy was also considered to direct.[10]
 
The first thing I look for in a script is a good idea, a majority of scripts are rip-offs of other movies. People think they can become successful overnight. They sat down one weekend and wrote a script because they read that Stallone did that with *Rocky*. *Predator* was one of the scripts I read, and it bothered me in one way. It was just me and the alien. So we re-did the whole thing so that it was a team of commandos and then I liked the idea. I thought it would make a much more effective movie and be much more believable. I liked the idea of starting out with an action-adventure, but then coming in with some horror and science fiction.

He had previously starred in *Commando*, on which Silver had served as producer. To play the elite band of soldiers, both Silver and Gordon, with co-producer John Davis, searched for other larger-than-life men of action. Carl Weathers, who had been memorable as boxer Apollo Creed in the *Rocky* films, was their first choice to play Dillon while professional wrestler and former Navy SEAL Jesse Ventura was hired for his formidable physique as Blain, co-starring with Schwarzenegger the same year in *The Running Man*. Also cast were Sonny Landham, Richard Chaves, and Bill Duke, who costarred alongside Schwarzenegger in *Commando*.
 
Commitments by Schwarzenegger delayed the start of filming by several months. The delay gave Silver enough time to secure a minor rewrite from screenwriter David Peoples. Principal photography eventually began in the jungles of Palenque, Chiapas, Mexico, during the last week of March 1986, but most[*citation needed*] of the film was shot in Mismaloya, Mexico. Much of the material dealing with the unit's deployment in the jungle was completed in a few short weeks and both Silver and Gordon were pleased by the dailies provided by McTiernan. On Friday, April 25, production halted so that Schwarzenegger could get to his wedding on time, flying to Hyannis Port in a Learjet chartered by Silver. Schwarzenegger was married on April 26, 1986, to Maria Shriver, and honeymooned for only three days while the second unit completed additional filming. The production resumed filming on May 12 and ended in late June 1986.
 
Both McTiernan and Schwarzenegger lost 25 pounds during the film.[7] Schwarzenegger's weight loss was a professional choice while McTiernan lost the weight because he avoided the food in Mexico due to health concerns.[7] Unlike McTiernan, most of the cast and crew suffered from Travelers' diarrhea since the Mexican hotel in which they were living had problems with its water purification.[11] In an interview, Carl Weathers said the actors would secretly wake up as early as 3:00 a.m. to work out before the day's shooting. Weathers also stated that he would act as if his physique was naturally given to him and would work out only after the other actors were nowhere to be seen.[7]
 
The original Predator creature was created by Richard Edlund of Boss Film Studios and was a disproportionate, ungainly creature with large yellow eyes and a dog-like head, and nowhere near as agile as necessary for what the filmmakers had intended.[15][16] After a call was put out for a new alien creature costume, creature effects artist Rick Baker put in a bid, but ultimately McTiernan consulted Stan Winston.[8] Winston had previously worked with Schwarzenegger as a visual effects artist on the 1984 film *The Terminator*. While on a plane ride to Fox studios alongside *Aliens* director James Cameron, Winston sketched monster ideas. Cameron suggested he had always wanted to see a creature with mandibles, which became part of the Predator's iconic look.[17]
 
R/Greenberg Associates created the film's optical effects, including the alien's ability to become invisible, its thermal vision point of view, its glowing blood, and the electrical spark effects.[18]
 
The invisibility effect was achieved by having someone wearing a bright red suit (because it was the farthest opposite of the green of the jungle and the blue of the sky) the size of the Predator. The red was removed with chroma key techniques, leaving an empty area. The take was then repeated without the actors using a 30% wider lens on the camera. When the two takes were combined optically, the jungle from the second take filled in the empty area. Because the second take was filmed with a wider lens, a vague outline of the alien could be seen with the background scenery bending around its shape.[18]
 
For thermal vision, infrared film could not be used because it did not register in the range of body temperature wavelengths. The filmmakers used an Inframetrics thermal video scanner because it gave good heat images of objects and people.[18] The glowing blood was achieved by green liquid from glow sticks mixed with personal lubricant for texture.[18] The electrical sparks were rotoscoped animation using white paper pins registered on portable light tables to black-and-white prints of the film frames. The drawings were composited by the optical crew for the finished effects.[18] Additional visual effects, mainly for the opening title sequence of the Predator arriving on Earth, were supplied by Dream Quest Images (later Oscar-winners for their work on *The Abyss* and *Total Recall*). The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Visual Effects.[19]
 a2f82b0cb4
 
